Components topics update for XD state feature (#535)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/radial-gauge.md

## Needle Type

The Radial Gauge provides various overrides that control the shape of the needle, which indicates the current value: **needle**, trapezoid, and triangle. In Sketch this is achieved with `Symbol Overrides`, while in Adobe XD we are using the `Component States` paradigm to let you easily switch between types.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_three_ranges.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_needle@2x.png 2x" />

## Ticks Type

The ticks of the Radial Gauge can be placed **outside** or inside, with two inside variants for thick and thin range areas. In Sketch this is achieved with `Symbol Overrides`, while in Adobe XD we are using the `Component States` paradigm to let you easily switch between types.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_inside.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_inside@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_outside.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_outside@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_inside-2.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_inside-2@2x.png 2x" />

## Ranges

> The Radial Gauge provides various overrides that control the ranges on the dial: **full**, half, and quarter. In Sketch, to switch between ranges is achieved with `Symbol Overrides`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Radial Gauge provides various overrides that control the ranges on the dial: **full**, half, and quarter. In Sketch, to switch between ranges you should use the `Symbol Overrides`, while in Adobe XD separate variants of the Radial Gauge exist for the options above.
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_three_ranges.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_three_ranges@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_half.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_half@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_quarter.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_quarter@2x.png 2x" />

## Series Thickness

> The Radial Gauge comes with two kinds of Series Thickness: **Thick** and Thin. In Sketch, to switch between thicknesses is achieved with `Symbol Overrides`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Radial Gauge comes with two kinds of Series Thickness: **Thick** and Thin. In Sketch, to switch between series thicknesses you should use the `Symbol Overrides`, while in Adobe XD separate variants of the Radial Gauge exist for the options above.
```
